                                 Data Analyst (Temp for 11 months)
                  Vigilance & Compliance Branch, Health Products Regulation Group
                  Location: Health Science Authority (11 Biopolis Way #11-01 Helios)
                           Working Hours: Part-time (flexible arrangement)


About Health Sciences Authority (HSA)

At the Health Sciences Authority (HSA), we recognise the enormous challenge posed today by the
biomedical sciences and the blurring of boundaries between healthcare products resulting from
increasing convergence in the application of medical technology. It is right here in HSA, where we are
uniquely equipped to meet this challenge. A statutory board formed on 1 April 2001, we play a vital
role in supporting healthcare services and regulation, serving the administration of justice and
enhancing safety in our community. We are responsible for the quality, safety and efficacy of
medicines, medical devices, blood and its products and all health-related products available in
Singapore. We provide a comprehensive regulatory service for the evaluation and marketing approval
of all therapeutic products. We also provide scientific, investigative and analytical support for vital
governmental functions such as forensic expertise for the courts, drug and criminal investigations and
the regulation of food safety and industrial and environmental health.

Job Description

•   Interact closely with research project team which includes healthcare professionals, academics
    and IT system vendor.

•   Conceptualise, develop and integrate artificial intelligence algorithms from big healthcare data
    sets that will be fed into various business programs.

•   Build intuitive dashboards that help visualize and answer complex business problems.

Requirements

•   Undergraduate or degree holder, preferably in computer science, machine learning, information
    technology, business analytics or related disciplines.

•   At least 2 years’ experience with programming in Python.

•   Good knowledge in R, Java, SQL, Stata, machine learning algorithms and/or natural language
    processing will be an advantage.

•   Development and implementation of machine learning algorithms, extract information from
    websites, meta data management, data transformation, and data integration.

    For applicant who is interested, please submit the resume to the hiring manager and information
    as follows:

         Name: Ms. Ang Pei San (Regulatory Consultant, Common Vigilance Branch)
         ANG_Pei_San@hsa.gov.sg
