Scope/Description: Detail Engineering, support construction and commissioning works 
         GSK implemented new Enzymatic Amox plant at Quality road Singapore 
         GSK intended to build a commercial-scale manufacturing facility for enzymatic Amoxicillin process at GSK Quality Road Site, Singapore. The primary purpose of the project is to manufacture Amoxicillin Trihydrate using a more sustainable and environmentally friendly aqueous-based enzymatic process. The enzymatic Amoxicillin process offers the potential opportunity for significant quality improvement with cost reduction and environmental improvement in line with GSK quality and sustainability goals. The new facility will produce enzymatic Amoxicillin slurry for its subsequent downstream operations such as acidification, clarification, basification and isolation. 
         There are two projects, Wet end and Dry end projects. Wet end project had been completed in scheduled time and cost SGD 50 million. 
         Project cost: Approx. SGD 77 million 
         Responsibilities: 
         Leading to 
         engineers and designers and be responsible for engineering, design, procurement, and supporting to construction. Engineering phase covered Basis concept, Scheme design and Detail engineering phases. 
         Very tight schedule is a major challenge to overcome for these projects and well planning and efficient works made me to overcome these. 
         Responsible and leading electrical engineering works for below alliance projects 
         GSK, Pioneer Road, PB1 Parallel train added FA Project: Detail engineering completed on 2015, Project cost: Approx.SGD15 million 
         GSK, Pioneer Road, PB1 BRAF transfer to PB1 Project: Detail engineering ongoing, Project cost: Approx. SGD 30 million 
         GSK, Pioneer Road, PB2 Dolute 2G Project: Detail engineering Project Ongoing 
         GSK, Pioneer Road, PB1 Facility Master Plan project: Basic Concept: completed 2015 
         GSK, Pioneer Road, Retigabine Transfer to Production building 1 Project, Detail engineering phase: Completed on 2014 
         GSK, Pioneer Road, Hydrogenation project PB1 extension Project, Detail engineering phase completed on 2013 
         GSK, Quality Road, Amox train A upgrade Project, Detail engineering phase completed on 2014 
         GSK, Quality Road, Amox train B upgrade Project, Detail engineering phase completed on 2014 
         GSK, Quality Road, Amox train C upgrade Project, Detail engineering phase completed on 2014 
         GSK, Pioneer Road, PB3 FP Continuous project Detail design phase completed on 2015 
         Client:Evonik SEA, Jurong Island Singapore Methionine ME5 project investment approx. 600 million USD 
          
         Title: Area Lead Electrical 
         Engineer 
         Scope/Description: 
         Project is to build a new amino acid methionine production complex with 150,000 metric tons annual capacity. Cost is roughly €500 million. 
          
         Responsibilities: Leading electrical engineering and design team for delivering design deliverables to client with high quality in planned scheduled time. 
          
         Manage and execute to support Procurement and client by issuing technical specification, material requisitions, Technical clarification and Bid Evaluation, vendor document reviews.