Responsibilities: 
         • Acted as a Lead 
         Data 
         Engineer to manage the in-house team to deliver the deliverables based on the requirement. 
         • Acted as a Junior Architect to design the DataMart to hold the transaction detail from various vertical 
         department. 
         • Designed and Built the ETL pipeline using various advance transformation in informatica to load 
         
         data from source to DataMart. 
         • In-Charge of migrating the object to instance. 
         • Mentor and assign the tickets to 3 members team 
         • Periodically updating the status to c-level stakeholders. 
         • Involved in building the 
         data lake in S3, which involves developing ETL pipeline using various 
         Hadoop components such as Sqoop, Flume, Hive, Spark and Oozie. 
         • Designed and Built the 
         Data Quality module in spring boot application to monitor the 
         data lake 
         datasets. 
         • Monitored and fixed the performance issue of production jobs. 
          
         Project: 
         Data Lake 
         Client: GIC Private LTD, Singapore 
         Team Members: 3 
          
         GIC requested for a larger storage system to accommodate its large flow of incoming 
         data from various sources like RDMS/
         Data Warehouse/FTP. We implemented 
         Data Lake in AWS S3 storage system to overcome the storage issue. Multiple pipelines were built to read and store different files such as JSON, 
         Text, CSV, and XML. 
          
         Project: AMC Log Analytics 
         Client: GIC Private LTD, Singapore 
         Team Members: 3 
          
         GIC has outsourced the maintenance of AMC's system to vendor and, which consists of 56 
         applications. GIC Management wants to overlook on system performance by analysing system logs such error log, IAS log, etc. This project is to collect all IAS, error log from AMC systems and aggregate the 
         
         data and store it in NoSQL database to apply the analytics to showcase to the management. 
          
         Gokulanath Lead 
         Data Analytical 
         Engineer 
         Gokulanath 
         Lead 
         Data 
         Engineer 
         Data Analyst ML 
         Engineer 
         Project: HR Transformation 
         Client: GIC Private LTD, Singapore 
         Team Members: 3 
          
         This project is to migrate the 
         data from the legacy PeopleSoft HR's system to SAP Success factor, which demands to use Informatica to transform the 
         data into respective format. 
          
         Achievement: 
         • Established high performance 
         data lake platform by reducing 60% operation cost to maintain high 
         end server. 
         • Log analytics insights helps the business to improve the performance of the critical application 
         server up to 70%. 
         • Successfully migrated the 
         data from legacy system to success factor with minimal error.