·          Managed four departments/schools: Business, Computing, Hospitality and English School under one roof, each department head reports directly to me. Managed a total of 21 full time academic teaching staff and 10 part time professional/academic staff. 
         ·          Maintained university partners, brought in new programmes and made changes in student learning experience. 
         ·          Revamped entire curriculumn; updated with hands on practical exposure in each Computing and Hospitality sschools diploma programmes; led to good student’s feedback & increased our student numbers from overseas countries.   
         ·          Responsible for training plan, subject allocation, evaluating training programmes, evaluation of lecturer’s performance and conduct staff annual appraisals and renewal of their contracts.  
         ·          Effectively manage, develop and motivate the lecturers to ensure a high quality of service standard is maintained in preparing and delivering of lecture; enhancing curriculum development; learning skills are constantly updated. Making a distinguished personal contribution to lecturing at all levels. 
         ·          Conducted training class for CIMA (Chartered Institute of Management Accountants) programmes at Enterprise Level.  
         ·          Conducted several workshops for staff and students that created a conducive working and learning environment; and to incorporate Holistic approach, I created various clubs (Yoga/Cricket/Photography) which is very active and won lot of applause from the management and students.  
         ·          As a consultant and a mentor gave feedback and improved the processes of departments to meet the CPE (Committee for Private Education, Singapore) criteria that led to achieve Edutrust 4 year’s certification within six month of me joining the company; that created a major impact on oversea’s student recuirtment numbers.  
         ·          Oversee the Academic Board and Exam board as the Chairperson.  
         ·          Liaising and provided information required to the GM for marketing needs. Monitored and provided timely reports to various departments; as well briefed the marketing/sales/ business development team about the new developments in course structure and get their feedback in turn to keep the programmes more marketable and industry relevant.  
         ·          Contributed to strategic and academic planning that enhanced the vision & mission of the organization. 
         ·          Oversee the Vietnam and Indian operations with respect to academic related matters.