1. Responsible for the management of Business and Information Architecture to ensure 
         effective alignment with all business strategies in the organization. 
         2. Responsible for implementation and operation of the electronic collaboration, electronic 
         registry and intranet on Microsoft SharePoint 2007/2010 & InfoPath 2007 Intranet portal. 
         3. Responsible for establishing Community of practices in domains such as Lifeguard, 
         Knowledge Management within the whole organization to ensure the retention of tacit 
         knowledge and allow knowledge to flow within the communities. 
         4. Management lead for conducting gap assessment projects evaluating relevance and improvements needed on existing Corporate Taxonomy systems and to propose 
         effective solutions and changes. 
         5. Responsible for conducting Expertise Knowledge audits for Senior staff leaving the organization to ensure vital tacit knowledge and information is passed on to the existing 
         teams in the organization. 
          
         6. Championed new Green initiatives within the organization such as the promotion of a 
         "paper- less" workspace reducing paper usage and printing costs. 
         7. Transformed hardcopy record management through the review and streamlining of business processes. Application of scanning and Optical Character recognition 
         technology to digitize hardcopy for better and efficient use of explicit knowledge. 
          
         8. As, Chief 
         Data Officer, assisted the Chief of Organizational Strategy and Development 
         Group in managing Shared 
         data definition across whole of organization. 
         Significant Achievements: 
         1. Implemented SharePoint 2007 as a Collaboration platform for all SSC staff to create, 
         collaborate, store and retain knowledge during their work processes. I had the opportunity to share my lessons and journey at South East Asia SharePoint 2010 
         conference (slides available via my Linkedin profile page) 
         2. Transformed the Registry into an electronic registry so that critical official records are 
         readily retrievable via the enterprise search engine. 
         3. Put in place a knowledge retention process to ensure resigned staffs share their 
         knowledge before leaving the organization thus reducing knowledge loss from the organization. 
          
         4. Completed a special project in establishing a Sports Medicine and Sports Science 
         Portal for Knowledge Consolidation within each sports, to generate Comprehensive 
         Awareness as well as to achieve operational efficiency to support the Elite Sports 
         Fraternity and better service Carded athletes in Singapore. 
         Compliment received on October 10, 2010 from Mr Bob Gambardella, Chief, Sport 
         Development & Singapore Sports Institute at Singapore Sports Council (via Linkedin): 
         Benjamin has been very instrumental in providing SSC Sports Development Group with solution to effectively manage information through SharePoint. He continues to be a great 
         contributing teammate to our division in developing systems to create an on-line integrated 
         platform for all our Sports Institute staff. He has proven to be the "go to" guy when we want to capture raw 
         data and turn them into a meaningful tool to guide our high performance 
         programming efforts. Great Customer Satisfaction achieved. 
          
         Trainings received: 
         1. Operational understanding and implementation knowledge of Microsoft Office 
         SharePoint Server 2007, Microsoft Office InfoPath and Adobe Professional Forms.