Brief introduction of Canalta Controls Ltd.: - 
         CANALTA FLOW MEASUREMENT is a privately held Canadian company that began operations in 1986 as an instrumentation and electrical contractor. Since 1991, the focus has been on the manufacture of industrial control and measurement equipment. Canalta has been supplying industry worldwide with quality double block & bleed, dual and single chamber orifice fittings, meter runs, flow conditioning accessories and parts for more than fifteen years.  
          
         Canalta meter runs and orifice fittings are currently in service on every continent and in many off-shore production facilities. We have provided effective flow measurement equipment to companies large and small across a variety of industries, from oil and gas to food service. Canalta has also taken an industry-leading role in orifice meter innovation by improving the reliability and safety of orifice-based metering packages. 
          
         Main Process & Mechanical System Package: -  
          Orifice Plates 
          Orifice Plate Seals 
          Orifice Flange Unions 
          Single Chamber Orifice Fittings 
          Dual Chamber Orifice Fittings 
          Orifice Fitting Parts 
          DBB Orifice Fittings (Patent Pending) 
          Meter Runs 
          DBB Smart Tube™ 
          Flow Conditioning Accessories 
          Flow Conditioner Housings 
          Venturi Meter 
          Restriction Orifice Plates & Spool 
          
         As a Regional Sales, I manage: - 
          
          Financial: Achieve sales and profitability target set. Provides accurate and punctual forecasting report on a monthly basis, to support achieving the business goals. 
          
          Project pursuit / New Business Development: Active participation in project pursuit, working with Local Business Partners where necessary and drives business through new opportunity. 
          
          Price Management: Full accountability for price management to assigned product lines.  
          
          Country-by-country Development: Development of country plans which embodies target project list, plans for core market share growth, achievable plan for penetration of new technology, marketing and training plans. Work with Local Business Partners and leads them to develop business in base/new markets 
          
          Marketing: Works with Headquarter marketing to plan and implement promotional seminars and head up tradeshows, provide feedback and market input to the marketing team on competitive price situation and competitions’ position. Advancement of marketing strategies.  
          
          Customer Satisfaction: Works with headquarter and global sales division to manage key account business; to grow the business by identifying, selecting and developing potential local accounts. 
          
          Account Management : Works closely with other division sales to manage key account nosiness; to grow the business by identifying, selecting and developing potential local accounts; to work with global team in managing multinational accounts. 
          
          Innovation: Has a strategic bent of mind to capture potential opportunities for both industrial and high-pressure business  
          
          Key Performance Indicator: During 1 year in Canalta SEA Pte Ltd, secure Total of USD1.1M sales for Canalta SEA Pte Ltd 
            
         During 1 year & 6 months in CANALTA SEA PTE LTD: - 
          
         2019 Secure 2 
         big sales order USD820,200 from Emerson Asia Pacific Private Limited & PT Saipem Indonesia 
          
         CURRICULUM VITAE