My job is Software Project Manager ("SW-PCM", SW Project Component Manager) which is the leading role of the SW component in the projects for the product development I am contributing; In general I am managing the SW Project regarding on Specification / on Time / on Cost / on Quality (full SDLC). In average I have 15 developers, most in India but also Germany, China and Hungary. This role is based upon the previous role 'Software-Mentor' in the same department. 
          
         Accomplishments 
         1. successfully managed the realization of a new MEMS-based sensing-concept (contained: implementation, V&V as well as product introduction; started earlier in 2019 under my control than this role officially assigned).  
         2. creation of Hotfix-SW for preventing blocker in customers vehicle-production (contained: guidance of team through analysis-phase, customer discussion/conclusions, definition of introduction-scenario and approval of product by passing all required quality gates). 
          
         Responsibility 
         1. Setup SW Project Structure according to SW project targets 
         2. Manage SW Requirement from analysis to acceptance 
         3. Plan and ensure delivery of SW work packages 
         4. Control the SW Cost according to the SW Project Budget 
         5. Ensure SW Quality and compliance with SW Development Process   
         6. Inform SW project status and escalate for SW Project barriers 
         7. Ensure achievement of the SW project targets 
          
         Authority 
         1. Authority to approve SW Requirement 
         2. Authority to determine SW Project Planning 
         3. Authority to apply for SW Project Budget 
         4. Authority to approve SW Quality Ensurance measures 
         5. Authority to approve SW Process Compliance measures 
         6. Authority to approve activities for SW technical topics 
          
         Knowledge and skills 
         1. Scope Management ( e.g Requirement Development, Work package Breakdown ) 
         2. Change Management (e.g CCB process, Change Request -> Story -> Task ) 
         3. Configuration Management (e.g Tool configuration, Document Control) 
         4. Risk Management (e.g Risk Identification, Mitigation Action) 
         5. Time Management (e.g Planning, Tracking and Estimating) 
         6. Cost Management (e.g Cost Estimation, Budget Plan) 
         7. Resource Management (e.g Virtual Team, Conflict Management) 
         8. Communication Management (e.g SW PRC L4, Customer Communication) 
         9. Quality Management ( e.g 8D, Defect Management, QG Process) 
         10. SW Development Process 
         11. Tools Knowledge (e.g Doors, MKS, MCR, ALM, QAT, ILM, Jenkins) 
         12. Overview of AB12 SW, Algo, Plant Process, Safety Concept, Cyber Security 
         13. Knowledge of ASPICE (e.g MAN.3) 
          
         URL 
         www.bosch.com => Business Unit: Passive-Safety => Airbag