Responsibilities: 
         • Designed the 
         data-driven architecture by leveraging the Hadoop ecosystem to collect the market 
         data and transform to meaningful insights. 
         • Transform structured and unstructured raw 
         data to DataMart, with high reusability using spark 
         programs. 
         • Design dashboards in tableau by consuming the fact and dimension table from DataMart to provide 
         valuable insights to the management. 
         • Implemented near-real-time streaming application in spark to analyse the market 
         data and make 
         quick decision on the changing business. 
         • In-charge to support and maintain the existing application and enhance the application based on the business needs. 
         • Generated the aggregated monthly and adhoc report to stakeholders based on the needs using Hive 
         jobs. 
         • Engaged the stakeholders during the UAT processing to make sure the application is high reliable. 
         • Updated project status on monthly basis to the higher management. 
          
         Project: External Market 
         Data 
         Client: GIC Private LTD, Singapore 
          
         This project is to re-implement of existing external market 
         data system into Hadoop Platform to 
         Gokulanath Lead 
         Data Analytical 
         Engineer 
         Gokulanath 
         Lead 
         Data 
         Engineer 
         Data Analyst ML 
         Engineer 
         perform ETL operation (Extracting the 
         data from outside sources, transforming to fit operational); Loading into target based on the business logic. Supplier FTP 
         data is pumped in on a daily basis at10 minutes' 
         interval and 
         data validation are performed based on the business logic implemented by the client. 
          
         Achievement: 
         • Insights enabled the brokers to analyse the market 
         data to make decision on near real time 
         reducing the turnover time.