Project Title General Electric - Capital Real Estate, France. 
         Description GE unique perspective as both a lender and an operator benefit their borrowers and tenants in ways that few other 
         financial institutions can. GE brings insight, knowledge and expertise to every transaction. And as a result, 
         businesses that work with GE Capital Real Estate benefit from the global know-how and expertise of GE. 
         Environment Cognos 8.4 
         Role Lead Cognos BI Developer 
         Contribution ✓ Interacting with Business users for gathering Business Requirements to develop Cognos Model and publish 
         packages after this develop reports as per user request 
         ✓ Design, Development and Deployment of business solutions for corporate reporting needs. 
         ✓ Understanding Business Requirement and converting the same into Technical Specifications. 
         ✓ Interacting with Stakeholders for gathering Business Requirements to develop Analysis Framework and publish 
         reports as per user request. 
         ✓ Prepare case studies and business cases to determine inefficiencies and areas of improvement. 
         ✓ Understand the methods of business used in different geographical locations and analyze 
         data to provide quick 
         fixes which should have a sizeable impact. 
         ✓ Do a comparative analysis to distinguish best practices and ways to implement them across different geographical 
         locations. 
         ✓ Prepare framework model and publish package with object and 
         data level security. 
         ✓ Extensive knowledge in various reporting objects like Facts, Attributes, Hierarchies, Transformations, Filters, 
         Calculated fields, Sets, Groups, Parameters etc. 
         ✓ Developed complex reports with user's design format using cascading prompts and calculations in Report Studio. 
         ✓ Bursting the Reports in Cognos Environment and sending by mail. 
         ✓ Following/Sharing the issues/clarification list to avoid UAT defects. 
         ✓ Technical Support to the application support team and Assisting Sr. 
         Data Warehouse Consultants, in DWH modeling.