Project Title MUFG (Bank of Tokyo) - OVS MIS - Regulatory Reports Migration and Automation 
         Description Automations and standardization of Regulatory reporting process for all regional bank offices worldwide. Project is 
         part of bank wide program for legacy core system migration to a new system, with my project focusing on implementation of new regulatory report applications, as currently the regulatory reports are generated manually by business operations. 
         Environment Cognos Analytics (Cognos 11.X), OBIEE, REGLA, OneSumX 
         Role 
         Data Analytics/BI Lead 
         summary • Scrum Master 
         • Business Analyst 
         • 
         Data Analyst 
         • Technical guidance 
         • Technical review 
         Contribution As a BA 
         ✓ Closely working with business user (various depts.) to understand the report requirement (Content, Format, etc.) 
         based on the instructions of the regulatory bank of the country. 
         ✓ Document the complete process flow to describe program development, logic, testing, implementation, application 
         integration and coding. 
         ✓ Understanding Reporting requirement, Analyzing As-Is mapping and perform the required To-be mapping for the required report and defining the source to target 
         data mappings, business rules and 
         data definitions as per 
         regulator's requirement. 
         ✓ Responsible for defining the functional requirement documents for each source to target interface along with key 
         identifiers for each mapping/interface. 
         ✓ Worked with internal technical counterparts of current and target state 
         data architectures and improvement plans for performances. 
         ✓ Development of Test Strategies and providing assistance to end user in UAT phase to resolve 
         data 
         related(extraction) queries. 
         ✓ Preparation of Business Requirement Document (BRD) and user Signoff on BRD. Preparation of Functional 
         Specification Document (FSD) Basis Reporting Tool. 
         ✓ Provide Weekly status Update to higher management. 
         As a 
         Data Analyst/Cognos Report Author 
         ✓ Understanding OBIEE (As Is) report logic and create a BRD and Mapping to develop same in Cognos. 
         ✓ Understanding Business Requirement and converting the same into Technical Specifications. 
         ✓ Interacting with report users to understand end to end analysis they perform after extracting results from OBIEE and document same in technical specification document. 
         ✓ Prepare case studies and business cases to determine inefficiencies and areas of improvement. 
         ✓ Developed reports with As Is or user's design format using cascading prompts and calculations in Cognos. 
         ✓ Supervise a midsize team while making independent decisions. Strong problem solving and negotiation skills. 
         ✓ Following/Sharing the issues/clarification list to avoid UAT defects. 
         ✓ Technical Support to the application support team and Assisting Sr. 
         Data Warehouse Consultants, in DWH modeling