This role is the central know-how hotspot for the products software-component. All creation steps from kick-off, Rqmt-Engineering and V-Model process, architecture decisions, implementation, review, planning of Verification and Validation concepts and further technical quality topics are under my responsibility.  
          
         Achievements 
         1. responsible for all critical customer communication about technical issues, which have impact on development or the continuously ongoing production.  
         2. developed technical solutions for several critical (safety) and blocker (acceptance) defects 
         3. prepared, hold and successfully concluded with customers on several quality topics to avoid a non-acceptance of the work-packages or product-deliveries 
          
         Responsibility 
         1. the enforcement of required products quality by checking all pre-, intermediate- and final-artifacts of the software-creation process 
         2. driving design decisions together with the team 
         3. identification of know-lagging in the software-team and definition of sufficient remedials 
         4. technical analysis of defects and estimation of risk-impacts when applicable 
         5. calculating all technical risk by probability of occurrence and getting approval of risk-statements from all required stakeholders and higher-management 
         6. reviewing all final/intermediate work-products on request of the team and give consulting when required 
         7. introduce new technics or tools for driving constant improvement 
          
         Authority 
         1. approve or block work-products after quality-inspection 
         2. correction by final-review of all decisions done in the defect defect-management of the team 
          
         Knowledge and skills 
         1. Software development for embedded systems in safety-critical applications (ISO 26262) 
         2. C/C++ as handwritten and out of code-generator 
         3. Software architecture and efficiency metrics for micro-controllers 
         4. Greenhills compiler for Renesas 
         5. ALM for SDLC // partwise usage of ClearCase 
          
         URL 
         www.bosch.com => Business Unit: Passive-Safety => Airbag