·          Managed a team of 4 Senior Lecturers, 7 lecturer and 2 Web Developers. Responsible for training plan, subject allocation, courseware development; staff orientation programme, evaluating training programmes. 
         ·          Alias with the university partners in developing new programs and review the university programs validation.  
         ·          Training Program Manager for content development for E-learning on web based learning for on campus curriculum and corporate website development team. 
         ·          Conducted Australian and UK University Degree programs in Computer Science & Engineering, Business and Management subjects; as well oversee the execution of activities planned as per the Training calendar.  
         ·          Conducted training sessions for CIMA programmes on Systems and Project Management. 
         ·          Developed course curriculum for Cambridge Diploma in Project Management for UCIE ('University of Cambridge International Examinations, Cambridge) & Module leader for the higher diploma courses in IT. 
         ·          Project Coordinator for the Monash University students who under took the project at SingTel, Olympus electronics for a period of eight months at Singapore. Stages involved – proposal and system design 
         ·          Conducted corporate and in house training on VB.NET2.0/4.0, ASP.NET2.0/4.0, C#, MS SQL Server 2005,Web Services & Cloud Computing; Personality Development, Career Counseling and Soft Skills. 
         ·          Involved in validation processes (CASE Trust, Singapore Quality Class, Edu Trust) and also played a key role in ISO 9001: 2008 certification processes as a certified Internal Auditor. 
         ·          Involved in recruitment with HR Department for academic position. Conducted orientation for new hires.  
         ·          Overseas the educational testing and assessment methods and provide timely advice and guidance in collaboration with UCIE for the diploma and higher diploma programmes.