Responsibilities 
         Overall operation of the electrical specialists group and the high quality and timely completion of their work within the established work hour budgets for the assigned project 
          
         Ensuring engineering and design quality, technical accuracy of drawings, material quantities, specifications, procedures, etc. Produced within the electrical disciplines assigned 
          
         Ensuring adequate flow of information within electrical and other disciplines to ensure uniformity in design and drafting activities. 
          
         Reviewing with the Project engineering manager, other area Electrical 
         Engineers and other discipline lead 
         engineers for all the needs and technical aspect which can affect the schedule of the project. 
          
         Preparing, reviewing, issuing and follow up of all electrical deliverables up to the issue for construction. 
          
         Review and approve technical bid summaries when required. 
          
         B. Braun Medical Industries Sdn Bhd, Penang, Malaysia 
         Title: Lead Electrical 
         Engineer 
         Scope/Description: 
         B. Braun Medical Industries Sdn Bhd (BMI) is a subsidiary of B. Braun Melsungen AG, Germany, one of the largest medical devices companies in the world. Project is upgrading the existing plant and cost approximately120 million SGD. Basic design services were successfully carried out. 
          
         Project was completed on 2011. 
          
         Responsibilities: Leading electrical engineering team which comprises of full time one junior 
         engineer and two designers. 
         Basic concept design deliverables were produced in scheduled time and met client's satisfaction. 
         Civa vision Asian Manufacturing & Logistics Pte Ltd, Tuas, Singapore 
          
         Title: Lead Electrical 
         Engineer 
         Scope/Description: 
         Front End Engineering Design (FEED) was carried out. 
          
         Project: LanXess Buty Rubber project, Jurong Island Singapore.