Managing SQL Server 2008/R2, 2012, 2016, 2017 databases through multiple product lifecycle environments, from development to mission-critical Production systems. 
         ● Managing over 10,000 SQL servers with multi-terabyte databases across various lines of businesses. Working with Application/Business teams to deploy critical changes. 
         ● Collaborating with Application and business teams resolve critical P1 issues. 
         ● Providing L1 support for Sybase and Oracle database issues. 
         ● Preparing and maintaining documentation, policies and instructions, and recording and detailing operational procedures and system logs. 
         ● Configuring and troubleshooting High Availability and Disaster recovery solutions like Clustering, Log Shipping, Mirroring and AlwaysON Availability Groups. 
         ● Working with Microsoft support for Performance issues and other issues related to AlwaysON And 
         data loss. 
         ● Assisting Application developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement. 
         ● Optimizing T-SQL query performance using SQL Profiler, Execution Plans, and DMV's and Microsoft tools like PSSdiag. 
         ● Ensuring that SQL Servers are patched to the latest builds and automating the patch deployment process using PowerShell scripts. 
         ● Troubleshoot SQL Full and Transactional backup errors and issues with backups on Tape and NAS. 
         ● Working on administering and managing disk space, 
         data & log file space, users / roles & privileges, Server configuration. SQL Agent Jobs. Server down issues. 
         ● Share domain and technical expertise and providing technical mentorship and cross-training to other peers and team members. 
         ● Adhered to Change Control Procedures and execute scripts and make changes to the environment in accordance with change control procedures. 
         ● Troubleshooting SSIS package deployment issues and providing support for SSAS and SSRS. 
         ● Refine and automate regular processes using PowerShell and T-SQL scripts. 
         ● Implement 
         data encryption solutions like TDE and in transit 
         data encryption using SSL.