Responsibility: 
         • Handle, Mentor, set goals and lead a team of 6 
         Data 
         Engineers and Analysts, to work cordially and encourage each other to reach the target with the set timeline. 
         • To conceptualize and implement the 
         data product by leveraging cutting edge 
         big 
         data technologies, 
         ML and AI. 
         • Perform in-depth analysis of research information for the purpose of identifying opportunities, 
         developing proposals and recommendation to enhance business. 
         • Engage in development and support of statistical dashboards using tableau that encompass key 
         metrics based on the client requirement and insight enhance the business. 
         • Provided valuable input into project plans and schedules, translating business requirements into conceptual, logical and physical 
         data models 
         • Engage with the pre-sales team to analyse the feasibility of the client requirements 
         • Work closely with the project managers and the sales team to collectively propose the overall project 
         costing, resource planning, infrastructure costing and the project timelines in a feasible manner. 
         • Organize regular tech sharing sessions and team-building activities to motivate better interaction within the team members. 
         • Accountable for team deliveries by following agile methodology and track weekly sprint activity. 
         • Translate the business requirement into FDD and TDD and prepare the test script. 
         • Establish Devops practice to implement CI/CD to ease the deployment process in production and dockerizing the application. 
         • Accountable for maintain 
         data dictionaries, 
         data governance policy. 
         • Act as 
         Big 
         Data Architect to design the entire architecture to support the business insight. 
         • Design and build high HA 
         data warehouse or 
         data mart to store the insights. 
          
         Project Name: Commuter Analytics 
         Client: MooveMedia, Singapore 
          
         Active Project Lead integrating with the in-house team of 
         data 
         engineers, 
         data analyst and vendor to develop the 
         data driven analytic product for the client, which mainly focus on providing insight to the 
         client to understand commuter movement and interest in various assets (MRT, bus routes and bus hub) across the Singapore region. And with an in-built recommendation engine to guide the end users to analyse their customers behaviour and helps to display the ads in appropriate location to attain highest 
         customer reach. 
          
         Project Name: Geolocation and Geo-Fencing 
         Data Product 
         Led the inhouse team of 
         data 
         engineers to build the near real time 
         data driven product to allow the clients to identify the people by providing given the geographical coordinates, so as to allow the fencing of the restricted/highly secured area preventing the intruder and alerting the client through email or transmit the 
         
         data through API to client server. 
         Gokulanath Lead 
         Data Analytical 
         Engineer 
         Gokulanath 
         Lead 
         Data 
         Engineer 
         Data Analyst ML 
         Engineer 
         Project Name: Consumer Surf and POI analytics 
         Client: OCBC, Singapore 
          
         Managed team of 
         data 
         engineers to build the statistical model to generate the consumer's surfing 
         behaviours of various categories and POI visit (Person of Interest), which enables the client to introduce 
         new scheme for credit card holders by understanding behaviours. 
          
         Project Name: Consumer Viewership Analytics 
         Work collectively with team of 
         data 
         engineers and 
         data analysts to deliver the consumer viewership 
         analytics on setup box and fixed broad band by adopting cutting edge technology such as spark and ML to allow business to make a decision to improve the consumer experience and company growth. 
          
         Achievement: 
         • Insights helped business to optimize value packs for consumer which increased consumer 
         headcount by 10% and increased the revenue by selling event log with advertising partners. 
         • Increased entity revenue by 13% by selling the 
         data products. 
         • Effectively used in designing marketing campaigns and promotions. 
         • Team achieved best performer award and has been an active revenue generator entity of the company with Yearly revenue of about 2.4 million. 
         • On-time delivery of insights with high accuracy attain 100% client satisfaction.