Job Scope 
         ➢ Training project team on Health & Safety requirements on site 
          
         ➢ In charge of everything with regards to safety, and ensuring all workers & Main/ Sub contractors strictly adhere to Airfield/CAG Safety requirements 
          
         ➢ Coordinating and conducting training for all subcontractors and general workers 
          
         ➢ Develop, implement and review safety policies, procedures and regulations to ensure compliance with prevailing MOM/Aviation Safety Acts and Regulations. 
          
         ➢ Conduct investigations of safety infringements and industrial accidents; and recommend remedial actions. 
          
         ➢ Establish and maintain effective communications and co-ordination between Main Contractor and Subcontractors. 
          
         ➢ Monitor toolbox talks and periodically attend Contractors' safety meetings. 
          
         ➢ Prepare and submit reports on all aspects of safety with a summary including man-hours / statistics submitted at the end of each month. 
          
         ➢ Carry out regular reviews of Permits to Work and their compliance. 
          
         ➢ Monitor all Contractor HSE Programmes and advice the Contractors' Project Director, of any shortfalls and provide specialist support. 
          
         ➢ Carry out inspections of all work areas to ensure compliance on the part of the Contractor with regard to Safe Working Practices, Safety Compliance and ensure the site supervisors are maintaining their contractor's safety performance. 
          
         ➢ Prepare and circulate accident/incident investigation reports including details of any significant cost implications. 
          
         ➢ Communicate accident reports and lessons learned to Contractors. 
          
         ➢ Review work method statement, Risk Assessments and Lifting Plan produced by the Contractor. 
          
         ➢ Establish and periodically review emergency procedures and evacuation plan and ensure all personnel are made aware of the emergency assembly points.