·          Provided leadership and management direction; new strategy approach; timely decision making; established clear channel of communication between MDIS and MDIST that made many outstanding issues resolved within 3 months.  
         ·          Upholds the academic rigors and standards in Tashkent, as set by MDIS. Reviewed the overall operations in MDIST and streamlined the process gaps that enabled smooth functioning with university partners; saved time and cost.  
         ·          Managed all departmental staff including academic (45 staffs) and non-academic (20 staffs) with overall students strength of 2932.  
         ·          Achieved and maintained high quality academic staff rating from the students by implementing new policy measures. 
         ·          Experience in developing collaborative and interdisciplinary projects, and developing strong networks with external academic partners, community and industry. 
         ·          Plan, organize, direct, coordinate, and report performance of MDIST team to the director MDIS on monthly basis. 
         ·          Involved in overseas marketing along with marketing team to recruit foreign students; oversee publicity and marketing collaterals. Achieved above the targeted student’s numbers during my tenure.  
         ·          Overall in charge of conducting the examination for 3000 students of different university partners; by ensuring integrity of papers & answer scripts are maintained. In charge for Academic Board and Exam board as the Chairperson.   
         ·          Assist in establishing and updating relevant operating procedures for operations in MDIST. 
         ·          Proven ability in managing curriculum planning, programme budget and programme delivery. 
         ·          Chair all the main meeting; External and Internal Exam Board meeting with partner universities, oversee the unfair practices and Disciplinary Committee Meeting and other meetings as required.  
         ·          Strong student pastoral care skills enabled to handle cultural sensitive parents, in-law and students.  
         ·          Planned and conducted faculty trainings; workshops for enhancing their skills. Emphasis on outcome based learning.  
         ·          Act as a supervisor / guide for MBA and Undergraduate students for their dissertation; taught management and computing modules for second and third year degree students.