Overseas Assignment based in Beijing, China. 
         There were two major roles for my appointment in Beijing office. One of it was a management role. Under this role, I was a representative of Singapore joint venture partner and I was involved in the company’s management. A GM and a Deputy GM who were appointed by China joint venture partner managed the company. The company consists of four departments, namely, Administration, Finance, Marketing & Sales, and Technical. The other was a technical role, I was a technical consultant and project manager of the company. As the technical consultant, I headed the Technical Department with 15 full-time technical staffs and 20 part-time programmers. One of my major duties was to have the technical knowledge properly transferred to Beijing office, so as to prepare the technical staffs for projects sent in from Singapore. As the project manager, I need to ensure projects were delivered on time, the QA of the software system is met, and co-ordination with Singapore office.  
          
         Major achievements during the service period 
         1) Strengthen the foundation of the China office 
         After initial first year of intensive training and on the jobs training, the projects developed by China office increased from one project in the first year, to three projects in second year and eight projects in the third year. During my three-year stay in Beijing, I have assisted the local management in starting the local sales. It included the software services, Chinese version (localised version) of Singapore Office Standard System Package, and the development tool, LANSA that was distributed by the Singapore office. As a result, revenue of the Beijing office will not be limited to overseas assignments but also from sales generated by the local market as well. 
          
         2) Formalised the procedures for applications package distribution  
         I have taken up the distribution of the standard applications system package; call HARMONY that was distributed by Singapore Office. HARMONY is a fully integrated Financial, Distribution and MRP system. The technical force in Beijing office was deployed to enhance and maintain the standard package based on the recommendations and requirements that gathered from the Products Committee and the various distributors. A software release standard procedure was established for subsequent new version release. The efforts have formalised the entire standard package version release cycle. During the three years, there were three minor release updates and one major version release from Beijing office.