Project Work Experience 
         Project Title JPMC LRI (Liquidity Risk infrastructure) Reporting - Business Services Phase 3 
         Description JPMC has mobilized a global Liquidity Risk Infrastructure (LRI) program that is a firm-wide, 'mission critical' effort to enhance its liquidity risk management monitoring and reporting capabilities, which will include a redesign of the related supporting technology and infrastructure. The LRI program will implement a world class liquidity risk 
         reporting system complying with recently mandated new Federal and Basel regulations. The program will include 
         strategic 
         data sourcing, 
         data enrichment, analytical, monitoring, and reporting capabilities. 
         Environment Tableau 2019.1/10.X/9.X, Cognos 10.X/11, Composite 7.0, Hadoop, Impala, Python 
         Role Project Lead/Scrum Master/ Tableau and Cognos Lead/CIS Composite Admin 
         summary • Planning 
         • Implementation 
         • Preparing Project Charter 
         • Talent management 
         • Technical guidance 
         • 
         Data Visualization and 
         Data Analytics 
         • Technical review 
         • Focus towards Delivery excellence 
         • Interaction with users for improving the team visibility 
         • Sharing WSR and PSR with internal and external stakeholders 
         • Preparing Risk and Mitigation plans 
         • Following/Sharing the issues/clarification list to avoid UAT defects. 
         Contribution As Project lead 
         ✓ Understanding Business Requirement and converting the same into Technical Specification for the developers. 
         ✓ Understand the methods of business used in different geographical locations and analyze 
         data to provide quick 
         fixes which should have a sizeable impact. 
         ✓ Do a comparative analysis to distinguish best practices and ways to implement them across different geographical 
         locations. 
         ✓ People Management, Project Planning and Tracking, Monitoring schedule and cost variance. 
         ✓ Preparing Risk and Mitigation plans 
         ✓ Following/Sharing the issues/clarification list to avoid UAT defects. 
         ✓ Coordination with different Application support teams for Migration/Upgrade. 
         ✓ supervise a midsize team while making independent decisions. Strong problem solving and negotiation skills. 
         ✓ Change Management. 
         ✓ Prepare case studies and business cases to determine inefficiencies and areas of improvement. 
         As a Scrum master 
         ✓ Formulating techniques for effective Product Backlog Management and Helps employees and stakeholders 
         understand and implement Scrum practices. 
         ✓ Leading and mentoring the team in successful Scrum adoption and Helps the team understand the need for clear and concise product backlog items. 
         ✓ Responsible for creating test cases for own tasks and ensuring team also to develop test cases in order to follow 
         test driven development (TTD). 
         ✓ Ensures whether product owner is clear with how to arrange the product backlog to yield maximized value. 
         ✓ Developed JIRA board ensures management and scrum activities in it. 
         ✓ Adding, updating and maintaining confluence Wiki for helping team and user's query 
         ✓ Facilitating scrum events as requested or needed. 
         ✓ Removes project impediments that boost team productivity and performance 
         ✓ Acts as a change agent that increases the productivity of the team. 
         ✓ Participated in planning scrum implementations within different teams in the organization. 
         ✓ Works with other scrum masters to increase the effectiveness of the application of scrum in the organization. 
         As a Tableau Lead 
         ✓ Using Tableau as a front-end BI tool and variety of back end databases designed and developed workbooks, 
         dashboards, global filter page, and complex parameters-based calculations. 
         ✓ Access and transform massive datasets through filtering, grouping, aggregation, and statistical calculation. 
         ✓ Strong understanding of advanced Tableau features including calculated fields, parameters, table calculations, 
         row-level security, R integration, joins, 
         data blending, and dashboard actions. 
         ✓ Performed extensive GAP analysis in the project as there were numerous 'As-Is' and 'To-Be' conditions. 
         ✓ Involved in creating database objects like tables, views, procedures, triggers, and functions using T-SQL to provide 
         definition, structure and to maintain 
         data efficiently. 
         ✓ Building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards, report scheduling using Tableau server. 
         ✓ Created action filters, parameters and calculated sets for preparing dashboards and worksheets in Tableau. 
         ✓ Restricted 
         data for particular users using Row level security and User filters. 
         ✓ Developed Tableau visualizations and dashboards using Tableau Desktop. 
         ✓ Developed Tableau workbooks from multiple 
         data sources using 
         Data Blending. 
         ✓ Developed Tableau workbooks to perform year over year, quarter over quarter, YTD, QTD and MTD type of analysis. 
         ✓ Implemented Tableau mobile dashboards via Tableau mobile application. 
         ✓ Generated Tableau Dashboard with quick/context/global filters, parameters and calculated fields. 
         ✓ Created Tableau Dashboards with interactive views, trends and drill downs along with user level security. 
         ✓ Created and developed Parameterized, Drill Down and AD Hoc Reports in COGNOS and tableau. 
         ✓ Interacted with the existing database developers and DBA to understand the existing schema. 
         ✓ Thorough analysis, unit testing and integrated testing with other applications of database objects & T-SQL 
         statements before deployment to the production server. 
         ✓ Published Workbooks by creating user filters so that only appropriate teams can view it. 
         ✓ Tested, Cleaned, and Standardized 
         Data to meet the business standards using Execute SQL task, Conditional 
         Split, 
         Data Conversion, and Derived column in different environments. 
         As Cognos BI SME 
         ✓ Extensive knowledge in various reporting objects like Facts, Attributes, Hierarchies, Transformations, Filters, 
         Calculated fields, Sets, Groups, Parameters etc. 
         ✓ Developed Relational model using Framework manager and published secured packages to content store. 
         ✓ Developed MDX model, multidimensional cube using powerplay transformer as well as cube designer. 
         ✓ Worked on Heat/Geo/Tree Maps, Pie/Bar Charts, Circle Views, Line/Area Charts, Scatter Plots, Bullet Graphs, 
         Histograms, Gantt charts, Bubble charts using various 
         data sources (Excel, Text, DB connections, etc.). 
         ✓ Developed complex reports with user's design format using cascading prompts and calculations in Cognos Report 
         Studio. 
         ✓ Bursting the Reports in Cognos Environment and sending by mail. 
         ✓ Following/Sharing the issues/clarification list to avoid UAT defects. 
         As a CIS-Composite Lead 
         data modeler and administrator. 
         ✓ Planning, Installation and configuration of CIS Composite 7.0 
         ✓ Responsible for maintaining and creating physical, business and presentation models for better 
         Data 
         transformation and 
         Data preparation. 
         ✓ Worked with Cisco team while upgrading our composite server. 
         ✓ Defined process to perform development tasks in composite. 
         ✓ Defined policies and 
         data level security in composite based on users approved access. 
         ✓ Worked on defined 
         data source to read 
         data for structured: Oracle Exadata, WEB XML, Jason and unstructured: 
         mixed test, streaming etc. 
         ✓ Developed 
         data source to connect various type of custom databased (connected to on demand calculated system) 
         ✓ Developed XSLT script for 
         data transformation, Packages, ETL Stored procedure, scripts. 
         ✓ Developed various type of 
         Data warehouse. DataMart, 
         data models based on business requirements. 
         ✓ In order to improve report/analysis/dashboard performance worked on cashing 
         data by loading calculated results in custom DB tables as well as using composite tool's cashed feature. 
         BigData Hadoop contribution 
         ✓ Developed logics and calculations in python script to integrate and transform 
         data as per reporting requirement. 
         ✓ Developed Impala views and defined 
         data level security in it for secure 
         data analysis in tableau/COGNOS. 
         ✓ Monitored user queries in Cloudera in order to evaluate 
         data partitions. 
         ✓ Developed mapping by writing Python scripts to map upstream source 
         data with standard liquidity statement line and or liquidity coverage ratio report lines for regulatory reports 
         Project POCs 
         ✓ To have all the Customers 
         data at one place. Attempt to reach and provide 360-degree solutions. 
         ✓ Performed 
         Data cleansing/transformations, applied statistical analysis, 
         data visualization and 
         data mining steps to detect anomaly and pattern in the datasets. 
         ✓ Communicate with different teams to gather various mapping available for the unique feature present in the datasets. 
         ✓ Design and develop solutions using various algorithms and suggest efficient path for the implementation. 
         ✓ Present findings to internal and external stakeholders, discuss on the feasible solutions which can be leveraged for solving business problems. 
         ✓ Worked on defining and implementing IBID workflow for automating user onboarding to tableau server. 
         POCs in adopting Tableau 
         ✓ Install upgrade Tableau server and server performance tuning for optimization. 
         ✓ Administer user, user groups, and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau. 
         ✓ Hands-on development assisting users in creating and modifying worksheets and 
         data visualization dashboards. 
         ✓ Defined best practices for Tableau report development. 
         ✓ Proof-read all documents and maintain accuracy of information and preparing SOP. 
         ✓ Compared tableau with other BI tools in order to identify tableau product limitation and areas it needs 
         improvement and same had been shared with Tableau company people as recommendation. 
         ✓ Find out workaround to eliminate user effort as much as possible in order to perform self-analysis. 
         ✓ Defined multiple levels of security for workbooks/dashboards and sites. 
         ✓ Integrated tableau with other application and BI tool in order to automate multiple features.