·          Develop Academic Department strategy & handle entire academy operations of schools. Manage 6 departmental heads (Business / Hospitality /English / Chinese / School of Professional Education / Executive Development & Online Unit) with 60 (academic staffs) and 20 (non-academic staffs); overall students strength of around 2200.  
         ·          Responsible for all 6 departments P&L, Prepare, Administer and Control of budget. 
         ·          Reduced cost to over S$300,000 in first six months by streamlining the teaching hours and introducing blended learning that improved the effectiveness and operational efficiency of the courses. 
         ·          Reviewed and improved coursework, teaching methods, library facilities. Curating, designing and developing curriculum for corporate clients that are of high quality, competitive and sustainable for the market.  
         ·          Implemented Learning Management System – Blackboard and Canvas for better student learning experience.  
         ·          Knowledge of contextualizing academic programme content and curriculum development to fulfill requirements of validation, accreditation and programme enhancement. 
         ·          Manages, analyzes, and reports student, faculty, and program 
         data for external and internal associations, organizations and office reports. 
         ·          Partner with institutes/university for the new academic’s collaboration; prepare proposal, involved in university validation process and reports directly to CEO on academic operations. 
         ·          Train faculty member in new teaching skills, identify the strength and weakness of the teaching staff through class room observation. Evaluate trainer performance and the effectiveness of training programs, providing recommendations for improvement for both delivery methods and course content.   
         ·          Chair member of Academic Board and Examination Board. Oversee the policy and procedures are strictly followed and implemented as per the CPE (Committee for Private Education, Singapore) regulations.  
         ·          Student’s management with regards to pastoral care & disciplinary matters will be taken care whenever required. 
         ·          Assist and provide timely feedback to the marketing/sales/business development team on latest happening in academics and new product development training to enable them recruit students. 
         ·          Regularly conduct workshops, performance evaluations, on-the-job training, meetings and conferences to ensure staff competency by which create and promote a positive work environment. 
         ·          Recruit new full time / adjunct lecturers on need basis and train them to adapt to organizations requirement.  
         ·          Act as a project guide and mentor for post graduate, MBA and PhD students