Environment: PeopleSoft HCM 9.1, People Tools 8.53, Oracle 11g 
         Duration: June 2015 to Dec 2016 
          
         Project Description: Children's Hospital Los Angeles, is a non-profit hospital that cares for more than 107, 000 infants, children and young adults each year, with physician expertise in over 100 pediatric specialties and subspecialties. 
         They are currently using PeopleSoft HCM 9.0/ Portal 9.0 and using ESS, MSS, WFA, BenAdmin, T&L, AM and NA Payroll modules. 
          
         Roles and Responsibilities: 
         ❑ I have involved preparing weekly status sheet for reported to Manager to get overall status list of Incidents & SRs provided to business. 
         ❑ Handled tickets in Time Admin Failure, Retro Payroll, Exceptions Handling, Ben Admin process analysis and Leave Accrual process. 
         ❑ Developed SQR reports that displayed Leave Accrual information by leave plan and employee. It included information such as plan year eligibility hours, carryover hours earned year-to-date, hours taken year-to-date and remaining leave balances 
         ❑ Daily monitoring for reports/processes status and make them to Success mode if any failure status, especially take care of five different paygoups of TL_TIMEADMIN processes. 
         ❑ Handled HIGH Volume of HIGH Severity Tickets and based on the SLA breach. 
         ❑ Sign-off of HCM Bundles 3 to 6 in SIT and UAT testing phases and closed all the major issues. 
         ❑ Led the HCM 9.0 Bundle 26 and Tax Updates 15-A, B, C, D, E, 
         ❑ Recently applied 8 bundles in single shot and successfully launched in prod instance. 
         ❑ Handled critical issues by technically/functionally and resolved by 16/5 support. 
         ❑ Daily monitoring the process which is running successfully or not in prod instance and immediately do fix whenever issue occurs based on the priority. 
         ❑ Worked as a Techno-Functional Consultant and involved in understanding the functionality and requirements and prepared FDD and TDD and Unit Test cases based on the client's requirements 
         ❑ Developed custom Pagelets using Page let Wizard, Application Designer & People Code and Provided Security for the configured Pagelets using Maintain Security. 
         ❑ Manage/Handle the issues within the agreed SLA time. 
         ❑ UAT Support 
         ❑ Go-live support 
          
         PROJECT EXPERIENCE #10