3. Supported The Ascott's Community of Practice team by setting up their Collaboration 
         sites and trained staff on the use of the Department Collaboration site using Sharepoint 
         2013. 
          
         4. Project Manager for the new Resource Booking and Visitor Management System 
         leveraging on Condeco's Room Booking system. This system was rolled out at Capital 
         Tower's meeting rooms at all floors. 
          
         5. Responsible for the revamp of CapitaLand's Public facing internet using Sitefinity 
         Content Management System and CapitaLand's Media Library so that Corporate 
         Communication staff can easily update contents. Implementing iPad application for the 
         Global Property Map Application, which integrated all property related information. 
          
         6. Responsible for daily maintenance of existing Corporate IT applications such as the 
         Resource Booking System, Resume Management System, Library System, Legal and 
         Secretariat System and Corporate Intranet. 
          
         7. Participate and responsible for the Disaster Recovery of Business critical applications, which include the Internet and Intranet applications during the annual Disaster Recovery 
         Exercise. 
          
         Significant Achievements: 
         1. Successfully deployed the Staff Engagement Portal on 23rd March 2012 as an Ideas 
         platform for all CapitaLand staff to create, collaborate, ask and retain knowledge during their work processes. 
          
         2. Implemented a new Web Content Management system for the CapitaLand.com site 
         using Sitefinity Content Management System on 6th July 2012. 
         3. Successfully implemented the iHub Platform based on Sharepoint 2013 and managed by Avepoint products on 24 April 2013. 
          
         4. Successfully implemented the new Resource Booking System leveraging on Condeco's 
         Room Booking System 30th Jun 2014. 
          
         Trainings received: 
         2. Operational understanding and implementation knowledge of Microsoft Office 
         SharePoint Server 2010. 
          
         3. The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People organized by CapitaLand Institute of 
         Management and Business. 
          
         4. Operational understanding and implementation knowledge of Microsoft Office 
         SharePoint Server 2013.