Apr. 2019 - Present 
          
         IRIS Singapore delivers the in-vehicle digital signage named "SPLIT-TV" with content curated from content publishers from various content verticals. It works with Grab as a strategic partner, one of the biggest ride hailing company in South East Asia. 
          
         Business Development Manager 
         Being responsible for developing a new business in Singapore. 
          
         Committed Goal: Achieve Short-Term Revenue by the end of 2019 
          
         Focusing Potential Client to Hit the Goal: 
         1. Japanese Advertisers / Agencies (80% of my time) 
         2. Local / Global advertisers / Agencies (20% of my time) 
          
         Reasons to target Japanese Advertisers / Agencies: 
         • Communication: I can easily communicate and have experiences to build up a relationship with Japanese. 
         • Efficiency: I can attack and talk with them by myself. 
         • Understand: Many of Japanese advertisers / Agencies have already viewed a product in Japan, Tokyo Prime, and easier to convince them to place SPLIT-TV into their minds 
          
         Activities: 
         Set up as many meetings or chances to talk as possible to receive, 
          
         1. Feedback from clients - Speed up localizing a product. 
         2. New campaign briefs from potential customers. 
          
         *Visualizing all activities on Google doc and minutes for letting everyone involved review on what works or not works. 
          
         1. Feedback from clients (having talked with more than 300 people since June) 
          
         1) about Singapore Market feedback 
          
         • Singapore is not a 
         big market enough that clients do not invest their budget into a new media without technology as advertisement. 
         • Advertisers tend to focus more on maximizing ROAS in the limited budget. 
         • In case they would like to earn awareness for a specific product, they invest a mass-reach media such as TV, Bus wrapping, taxi-wrapping, and OOH. 
         • For SME, they are apt to buy a package plan from venders directly. For example, a telecom company proposes a customized media package plan based on a given budget. The package is included in Cable-TV, DOOH, Web banners, Social and SNS. 
          
         2) about Product feedback 
          
         There are three things Split-TV had better have for getting into a Singapore market: 
          
         A. Scalability 
         B. Viewablity 
         C. Technology 
          
         A. Scalability: 
         If Split-TV sells a media belonging to OOH or DOOH, it has to have a mass-reach. The total fleets with signages accounts for less than 0.8% of total Grab fleets (800 on 100,000). The number is not enough to attract potential clients in Singapore. 
          
         Issue: IRIS Singapore stops rising fleets up to 800 until any revenue is generated. In practice, a lot of advertisers/Agencies have never run into the signage on Grab, and they hardly imagine how it works. 
          
         B. Viewability: 
         Advertisers/Agencies doubt that passengers really head up and view the signage on board instead of sticking to view their smartphones. Two competitors already went out of business because they could not prove it. An existing competitor of delivering a taxi-wrapping and in-taxi digital signage, Moove Media, gives away 1000 signages for free if an advertiser runs the taxi-wrapping together as a package. We need to have a surveyed number if the passengers really pay attention to signages. 
          
         Issue: 
         Even if Split revamps the concept as TV for making passengers head up and pay attention to the signage like TVs at home, showing 15-30sec ads between 2-3min attractive contents in comparison of the previous model for running 15-30sec text content and 15-30 sec ad, Advertisers/Agencies are afraid that passengers still stick to smartphone letting them select what they want to watch. 
          
         C. Technology: If the signage has advanced technologies such as solving the pain points or measuring things which never counts before, advertisers would test it. 
          
         Example of the advanced technologies: Eye -tracking, segment by face recognition, or personalized ads by using Grab 
         data. 
          
         Issue: No plan to develop technological update on our signage. 
          
         2.Receive briefs for potential campaigns. 
          
         I arrange; 
          
         • Creating many Japanese advertisers / agencies networks from scratch. Exchange 193 
         business card (Japanese) and held 88 meetings. 
         • Attending networking events/learning events to get connections. Exchange 234 business cards (non-Japanese) to attend events (Innovefest, and other discussion events) 
         • Implementing a cold email / call by 1) listing up on-going OOH campaigns in town (120 brands), 2) buying Japan-Singapore Enterprise Directory and picking up potential customers (51 brands) 
         • Working together with with a sales team of a parent company, Freakout SG, to reach out potential clients. 
         • Proposing Split-TV to ad agencies to place Split-TV on their media plans. 
          
         Prioritized Clients: 
         Through the conversation I had with clients, I prioritize travel related advertisers as the highly potential clients. They pay less attentions to the product issues we face in this moment. 
          
         Result: Have had 9 briefs on board for Nov-Dec 2019 and 2020 Q1 budgeting plans. 
         Clients: JTB Singapore, JR East, and PIP Elekiban.