Manage the IS division to support business operations, undertake 
         administrative duties of the regional IS formation 
          
         Main Job Roles: Plan & develop the overall IT/IS strategy for the region, Manage & supervise 
         all day-to-day IS operations, functions and resources, projects development, IS Division and its 
         deliverables; Conduct regular review meetings with lead users of IS services, staff appraisal and job 
         review; Undertake IS Division progress & performance reporting duties; Reinforce Group IS policies 
         & governance strategies; Perform technology evaluation and review, IT vendor/supplier relationship 
         management, regional technical & administrative supports; Prepare & administrate IS budget; 
         Manage & support the implementation rollout of all corporate projects in the region. 
         Skills and Achievements 
          
         Leadership Skills: Upon my promotion to Departmental Manager, I led a team of 12 IT members in supporting a pool of 450 users. I was tasked upon to transform our service from an EDP centric to an Information oriented service. I recognised the importance of in-depth business knowledge and assigned my team members to participate in business meetings. I also allocated the more experienced staff in running focus group interviews with key business users to enhance their business knowledge. This allowed the team to provide an efficient and effective IS service required to support the local business operation. 
          
         Project Management Skills: Throughout my 25+ years of service with the current firm, I was appointed the project manager for countless of IS and IT management projects. Some of the projects are, “Consolidating the distribution and finance EDP processes on JD Edwards System with IBM AS/400 platform”, “ERP system technology refresh from JDE to SAP R/3 System”, “SAP R/3 System Technical Upgrade cum India Rollout”, “Construction of LAN and WAN infrastructure”, “adoption of Cloud base platform and SD-WAN”, “Singapore Quality Award (SQA) Information Criteria Workgroup in the Pre-SQA Assessment” and the “Singapore Quality Award (SQA) Application” etc. I have been able to meet deadlines and achieve successful results through my management skills. 
          
         Strategic Planning Skills: As the IS Division manager, I was assigned to re-align the regional IS strategies to ensure that they are in tandem with the business and management directives in the lowering of the regional SG&A expenses. Amongst many, one of my strategies, which was the regional AS/400 consolidation project for Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. Savings totalled to approximately SGD$600,000 through the reduction in total purchase costs, zero running costs for a period of 5 years and a server capacity catered for an estimation of 10% annual growth for the next 5 years. Also, I have been actively participated in the corporate strategic planning and was one of a 3 members team to successfully introduced the Balanced Scorecard in 2004. Now, I am assigned as the Project Manger of the Strategic Planning Committee to coordinate and review the formulation of those corporate strategic initiatives that are to realise the mid-term target of USD 160M increase in revenue and maintain a minimum OP of 3% by 2015/16. Latest initiatives accomplished are successfully adopting Cloud platform by downsizing the in-premise SAP System to MS Azure Cloud platform MS Dynamic NAV System for Singapore & India as well as rollout the change from legacy Notes email to MS Office 365 Outlook email for all the regional offices.  
          
         Risk Management Skills: As the appointed regional security office, I my responsible for conducting the annual cyber security auditing and End-user Awareness Education, to narrow the corporate & business cyber security risks and threats explosion. The gaps found are fixed as the coming FY IT strategic initial regionally or locally. To-date have achieved 3 years consecutively with zero major non-compliance result.  
          
         Prioritisation Skills: As the GM, I encounter pressing issues on a daily basis and I must be able to recognise the different levels of urgency in regards to the different issues. Having worked in this area of expertise for 20+ years, I can prioritise my time efficiently to ensure that the most pressing issues are dealt with ASAP and balancing on technology and its effectiveness. From a senior executive to my current position as a GM, I have been recognised as an efficient team mate and leader and been promoted 4 times thus far.