1. Operations Manager responsible for Content & Document Management Solution 
         including Enterprise Search engine (Verity K2). Completed Requirements gathering, 
         Tender evaluation and Implementation of the Document Management to 2600 staff. 
         Devised Change Management, Communication Strategy and Content Management 
         policy to encourage adoption of this Content & Document Management Solution. 
         Developed the entire eLearning package to train all staff on the new Content & Document Management Solution. 
         2. Responsible for the transfer of knowledge and the establishment of the new Center for 
         Information Management team consisting of the current Registry staff handling the hardcopy records. 
         3. Researched and developed in-house Taxonomy appreciation course. Worked together with Consultants to conduct Information Audits on various Business Units to develop both the Input and Search Content Structure (Taxonomy). 
         4. Responsible for DSTA Intranet (ehabitat: a staff portal providing vital information, 
         applications, guidelines and procedures for work, staff's learning and innovation) which includes the Management of Alerts, Announcements, News, Readings, IT updates, HR, 
         Policy Updates and Lifestyle. Managed a team of 3 Web designers in developing 
         intranet web applications and webpages for the entire organization. 
         5. Community Coordinator and facilitator for Webmaster and Knowledge Manager 
         Community of Practice (CoP). Managing 60 division webmasters and Knowledge 
         Managers to share Web Design standards, Web Design best practices, varied KM 
         topics such as content management policy and governance, storytelling, KM action 
         planning etc. 
         6. Conducted Knowledge Management Induction, After Action Review (AAR) and 
         Taxonomy courses for all new and existing staff as a means to advocate KM 
         development and raise the level of KM Literacy within the organization through the use of several interesting methods such as Practiced storytelling and AAR as a means to proactively share knowledge and improve the quality of communications. 
          
         7. System Administrator for Content & Document Management Solution including 
         Enterprise Search engine (Verity K2). Developed and trained new system 
         administrators to maintain Content folders, managed Access rights and Group access 
         management. 
         8. Participated in the SGMS Metadata project contributing defense related terminology to improve search engine performance on all government intranets. 
          
         Significant Achievements: 
         1. Led the KM team in the project to evaluate, purchase and fully implemented the new 
         Content & Document Management Solution (CDMS) including the new Enterprise 
         Search engine for the DSTA organization of 2600 employees. 
         2. Organized and conducted all end user training on CDMS for entire Corporate entities 
         ensuring no problems in their work processes. 
         3. Led and completed the project on the migration of intranet to the new network 
         environment for DSTA organization. Timeframe taken to complete this project was well within the targeted project timeline thus enabling a smooth transition from old to new 
         system. 
          
         Trainings received: