·          Project coordinator for the training program: for the faculty members of kaashyap at IISc (Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India). Lead a Courseware Development team to develop training material for Advanced Diploma in Web Technologies in collaboration with IISc 
         ·          Managed the Training division activities and reported directly to the General Manager – Training. 
         ·          Successfully managed and executed more than 10 training courses that generated revenue from 5 to 10 lakhs each. 
         ·          Designed and led professional development programs and activities. Had initiated major project deals and been the key player in providing consultation and technical support to the clients. 
         ·          Designed on-line course evaluation system as well as a web based trainer’s evaluation system to know the feedback from the students and end users. 
         ·          Designed and conducted corporate training courses in Oracle8, Visual Basic6.0, ASP and Project Management for SPIC Henkel Group, India. 
         ·          Provided training for headquarters executives and professionals in 10 branch offices throughout the country. Trained more than 100 staff members on Oracle 8i and Visual Basic6 at Kaashyap resource center and won the best trainer award. Reviewed and revised instructional materials. 
         ·          Responsible for ensuring that the Training Budget is balanced to include adequate internal training courses; finance to ensure continuing education courses are approved for employees that will have long term benefit for the company. 
         ·          Conduct Training Need Analysis (TNA) with consultation with franchise feedback from the students and corporate clients and created a Total Company Training Plan (TCTP) that best suit and prepares the students as well the employees for the next step of their carrier path.  
         ·          Coordinated and worked with Operations Manager, Sales and Marketing and the HR Managers to ensure that adequate training of employees was in place to meet any future training requirement commitments.